
      W H A T   I S   C Y B E R C R I M E ?

  cyúber (sy'buhr) pref. [< Gk kubernan, to govern]  Controlled processes
      in electronic, mechanical, and biological systems, esp. the flow of
      data in such systems.

  crime (krym) n. [ME < OFr. < Lat. crimen] 1. An act commited or omitted
      in violation of a law forbidding or commanding it and for which
      punishment is imposed upon conviction.  2. Unlawful activity.
      3. A serious moral offense.  4. An unjust, senseless act or
      condition.  5. informal: A regrettable fact: SHAME.

  cyúberúcrime (sy'buhrúkrym) n.  [< QR der. mindúcrime]  1. The ultimate,
      coexisting union of all phases of the computer underground - Artwork,
      Hack/Phreak, and Software Piracy.  2. The highest quality underground
      network in existance, which forms the basis for definition number
      one.  3.  adj: Computer crime, and/or unlawful activity committed
      through use of electronic or computer hardware.
 
      INFORMATION:

  þ   37 Message bases, strictly defined to adhere to the tenet of this
      network:  No fluff - No bullshit - Pure underground discussion.

  þ   Yes, CyberCrime is back!  Loosely based on the CyberCrime International
      Network (CCiNet) of the late eighties and early nineties, the new
      CyberCrime is THE underground network for today.  With an extremely
      strict application process, requiring references and reviewing all
      aspects of security, and tough, continuing moderation, you can be
      assured of an extremely high quality forum for discussions.

  þ   To apply, fill out the enclosed application, and return it to:
      The Information Interchange, CyberCrime World Headquarters, at 305-
      792-9622 (28.8) or 305-584-7002 (16.8).  Send it via netmail to
      Fido address 1:369/23, CyberCrime 66:100/0, InfiNet 69:100/0, the
      internet Midnight.Sorrow@369-23.Sunshine.Com, or simply login as
      new, and upload the CyberCrime application to the uploads filebase.

      REQUIREMENTS FOR JOINING:

  þ   Your BBS must be an underground system, focused partly or wholly
      on one or all of these topics:  Piracy (Wares), Hack/Phreak Topics,
      or Computer Artwork (ANSi/VGA/Demos).

  þ   You must provide at least one reference of a current CyberCrime
      sysop who is willing to sponsor you.  Failure to provide a valid
      reference will result in denial for all but THE most outstanding
      and incredible systems.

  þ   ALL system operators in CyberCrime must be at least 18 years of age,
      and have had their BBS in operation for at least one year.  While
      this isn't a guarantee of maturity, this at least develops a
      guideline to show that we are at least trying.  :)

